The provider's code looks like a good representation of what we have learned in this class, with
well-defined interfaces and clear separation of concerns between model, view, and controller
components. But, the view implementation (GameGUI) had significant limitations in
flexibility and reusability. The tight coupling between the view's internal components and the
rigid implementation of cell rendering makes it challenging to modify or extend the user interface
without significant refactoring. The lack of essential view management methods (setVisible,
setTitle) in the ThreeTriosView interface necessitated modifications to make it compatible with
existing implementations. However, methods such as setTitle were methods we only created in our
codebase for aesthetic purposes (to differentiate player 1 and player 2 GUIs), so it was not crucial
that our providerâ€™s code included this implementation. It just made it not possible for us to adapt
this feature of ours to their view without having to add it ourselves.

The implementation quality varies across components. The GameGUI class handles basic game
visualization effectively but suffers from several design issues. The CellClickListener
implementation is tightly coupled with the view logic, making it difficult to modify behavior or add
new features. The card rendering system uses hardcoded values and lacks flexibility for different
display configurations. We had to modify our toString method in our class to match with their rigid
implementation of how cards are given colors in the GUI. Which was inconveniently located in an
initialization method, which is called throughout their GUI, which also led to us not being able to
display the card numbers on the cards in the GUI, as their tightly coupled code implementation
didn't have a way for us to display this without having the rest of their implementation. We found
that the implementation of initializing the grid was incorrect on their part as well as their grid
made every other cell grey, which was a major issue we had to try to fix but couldn't without
changing their code, which we could not do. This made it difficult to see which cells were holes and
which ones could have cards in them in our 2nd view. Furthermore, error handling is inconsistent
throughout their codebase, with some methods using boolean returns while others throw exceptions.
The model implementation (ThreeTriosModelProvider) is more robust, offering comprehensive game state
 management and rule enforcement, but lacks proper thread safety considerations for concurrent
 access, which we ran into problems with since we used threads to create a delay between each
 machine move, which we had to change to a timer instance instead.

The documentation is generally thorough at the interface level, with comprehensive Javadoc comments
explaining the purpose and behavior of major components. However, several critical areas lack
sufficient documentation. The relationship between different interfaces (PlayerAction,
ThreeTriosController) is not clearly explained, making it difficult to understand their interaction.
Complex game mechanics and battle rules lack detailed documentation, requiring us to infer
behavior from implementation details. Their code would benefit from better documentation of valid
parameter ranges, expected values, and usage examples. Additionally, the absence of clear
integration guidelines made it challenging to incorporate the provider's view into existing
implementations, requiring additional development effort to bridge compatibility gaps.

To improve the codebase, several enhancements could be made: extract the cell rendering logic into a
separate, configurable component; implement a more flexible layout management system; add proper
event handling for view updates; and enhance documentation with usage examples and integration
guidelines. These changes would make the code more maintainable, extensible, and easier to integrate
 while preserving its current functionality.
